Add SECURITY.md (#1257)
ethereum/execution-specs: SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

## Overview

> While EELS (Ethereum Execution Layer Spec) is not intended to be a production

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the Ethereum Execution Layer Specification (EELS) is not intended to be a production
```

> ready client, the software is intended to fully capable of running as an
> execution layer client for local testing and acts as a point of reference for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ready client, the software is intended to fully capable of applying state transitions
for local testing and acts as a point of reference for
```

> the other EL (Execution Layer) clients. Therefore, a bug in this spec _could_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the other Execution Layer (EL) clients. Therefore, a bug in this spec _could_
```

imply a bug in the production clients, though this is not necessarily the case.

## Supported Versions

Please see [Releases](https://github.com/ethereum/execution-specs/releases). We
recommend using the [latest version](https://github.com/ethereum/execution-specs/releases/latest).

> ## Reporting Vulnerabilities
> 
> ### What Contitutes a Serious Vulnerability
> 
> - Issues which affect all EL clients (geth, Nethermind, Besu, etc.)
> - EELS has inadvertantly leaked secure information into the codebase
> 
> ### Issues That are Fine to Report Publicly
> 
> - Issues which are limited to EELS operation as a local EL test client
> 
> ### How to Notify the Project of a Security Vulnerability
> 
> **Please do NOT file a public ticket** mentioning the vulnerability.
> 
> #### Normal Issues
> 
> File a issue in GitHub
> 
> #### Serious Issues
> 

Reviewer: These sections have an unclear hierarchy. How about:

```suggestion
## Reporting Issues

### EELS-Only Software Issues

#### Scope

_Issues which are limited to EELS operation as a local EL test client._

For example:

- A mismatch between EELS and an EIP
- Path traversal attacks
- Failing tests
- A `<` where a `<=` is specified, where EELS is the only affected client

#### Reporting

File a normal GitHub issue describing the problem.

### Specification or Widespread Software Issues

#### Scope

_Vulnerabilities in the abstract specification of Ethereum, or issues which affect any EL production client (geth, Nethermind, Besu, etc.)_

For example:
- A gas efficient denial-of-service attack
- Broken cryptography
- A `<` where a `<=` is specified, where EELS and at least one other client is affected

#### Reporting

**Please do NOT file a public ticket** mentioning the vulnerability.

```

Visit [https://bounty.ethereum.org](https://bounty.ethereum.org) or email
bounty@ethereum.org. Please read the [disclosure
page](https://github.com/ethereum/go-ethereum/security/advisories?state=published)
for more information about publicly disclosed security vulnerabilities.

> The following PGP key may be used to communicate sensitive information to
> developers.
> 
> Fingerprint: `35C9 76D3 6149 A165 18EF A14B 3BCA C178 6B00 E477`
> 
> ```
> -----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
> 
> xsFNBF28d24BEADfgA02w77vMNwaoEtg9wiCiGsVORUsyeFiZAYJ59TM794+NY5d
> +90Q22MwWODFTm4FJ29h2Z0IdB1xgtzG0fAXDZonGKG6YDKGzeXcQd+1Ic9pKzD9
> aMiOix711E68RcasdeaKYTnIp1332MCS4QEwcDdkNSHTn0d0lhcAeEqro1WVQPNQ
> /9gksIvsQLtNcLGvQMHiiKs6+JoTPBpzh6ueuW1HVquqqxMcTK9Q8M95kZf5l+c6
> fNAa0muZGnmGfKEONzKvL3ySr6qrRT6FXsYAhYauNTXeb55LSERHDvdpaixIw21y
> kFoNckF2VH/lVx+9dQUFs7bX4FAS92cLQYJKJLmrNlr3VbMoQn+L1sUkoinbLcrD
> uyrTtn4D1mCm5H6KlpOI0CJ7ERQ4QmW4a75iICyVi1IhjwOH2zrqC6p74Z+HhlmZ
> 3s3aMvnMigchZRbhxDeO6NpJZXkCou2hLUqs+LXt3PWbVbNx3805U4PQ2AkKmTrZ
> ChOLRX/e0ExXg4lGwLCMIUuIOd0W3MZk/MEviH6OBi/MPyv9R65M0l/TZVK7O6Ui
> a/AVGUy4SLUSCt/w0PnvbyC5wQS3HhFncmUTENlobOjkVkNhCY+jcLyGEWYN6zjy
> G/DDwdZyjyX6f92wTsx4oaU/yOyezZN0DlYrgDzXXMn/avxFhgSm1QZBqQARAQAB
> zR5TYW0gV2lsc29uIDxzYW1AYmluYXJ5Y2FrZS5jYT7CwY4EEwEKADgWIQQ1yXbT
> YUmhZRjvoUs7ysF4awDkdwUCXbx3bgIbAwULCQgHAgYVCgkICwIEFgIDAQIeAQIX
> gAAKCRA7ysF4awDkd++tD/477nDddYtLQpZPOks0DICmWc4LS8rfgJX9WfhtSK/j
> Mck49gFkj8bDeF5ioZTuk7HVnmYjA0T+Kb8G8vfKdFxPjn7WHs9qnZm3uf5GzJuh
> Nm3ESb+XNkp1ow8lLWpPknFx2uof/OG89rpS6MWnm7FTMqS+FvujJ+vDFDzFRIja
> QG2udp9H4jtJwPvCb2uYh04snBlrHuZAvGxXmstFRE+ZkbHQx0OpgWBlss44seQ5
> lysQIk0XUvKYdaj9E1LUiLgShYHK0agFBPp0gCvKvfL+208CFVd+nDpRlaHEX6Ju
> NVIZN88lFGfneFyZchnnh0L2KMNs643HX5LoWCO/i6oYF3TqvozAV/aKQIJzMFA9
> 3ms1CTyP0kG0IlMQkNIerH3niYrQVpGzW9yUBgFYKnD8NeriPPHP1WgB7/WHH8xp
> 2QN8LJwL+bEHo0FlzQz8CXZiHj3OQAOIcJOxdd/lbRcQIFhpm8hehtZ9MNEX0LuN
> 6dvUFBZOIUrC1HdpMIMeOK0IeGcKQkiE9F6SeuEix6PTIQYcAHpEMCUzuJh2qG1L
> JJgxyz5P+xLLOrTa/QJVdkilgdniAIuOCZTDUJLKrKOjY5Z+99GwYzFvQCCAnK/M
> NI/ULViryCxgteC6rQg5U9XEdBwOzDhgqG2JQW0Bg25zKuygOI1FrItbvaF2P0BC
> l87BTQRdvHduARAArfLzmUgiuRZ6XZb5wbgpeUHtWLUXt6IvzIZa7OcmfUQSbV7Z
> 2iev03MdJjcbjaomK6FYKMk+68aO4TiaY3mZ79JAzzSVyry61YPavG6PnzREzH/u
> VrSqZZ5DzOxHXmTNKAjKoufoioCY6mRvlle0YJH5kEttwmYPxG0esvVm9pAxEND6
> kyWXq7DpajoG/L/tLYo7fZuK9iA2377Ht8i1bTBX6F5DnI9i/lEsVMjvd7D8Rzcj
> y+n4T53ULQtj65UHa3SYsieq+Nyg5XJKgoHUYA8VIkdl1iNw2O7Iuqs+72L+04/Y
> 7qU9F8mqIwfW9UYEMbLH7xVdkIaAIpF6qYch7FjsWZz3YlJ9iKAU5TM0oRdQS6cz
> TLXjLIC5NaMgD3fqcMG8O9S9jTI76iYH2aZBkx42dFTbhDazRFAkuIrPn4j+onjJ
> huLopgsXyk48r/rxS1evV1sFlix+VIwY5q/BYNjorQ6D4+eSuuNczPIdFVAt+nPO
> mKWOBd6fIP6nTlywKM07h6ty3fkihY0x4RXy72ehtcb4Xft3OZORbTJTevbiOpz4
> BDRo/0kL6rnIKpHtFo3jmjCCs9MvP+9A63mdt8DBoE8JfyEA6HdNN2dIBP3TyaLg
> tdgZkLAyssvZK0k/ae203RZji6/KoceZDAupwK1w9+7V6D9MFLJza/vf6tUAEQEA
> AcLBdgQYAQoAIBYhBDXJdtNhSaFlGO+hSzvKwXhrAOR3BQJdvHduAhsMAAoJEDvK
> wXhrAOR3C7gP/2hAh5aeDGcks1AAjlx6ZlmWUIvdeBe0SP7YXB4cO/j23KLVoho7
> OiTXFNodvEDLEf+QzFwIsXavrRQ6gy/SC1j0edoFQ+zRsAxeuqQTBvJ3iftwDIlT
> 7p91kOP1Hn1K9zIMvRZboW7vNjCGalkIHvNIK+Iy1A50vIozCDQRH+Boy0q+wtjF
> 8UA2N5rWmrRsquGcng5vgn3OZgDbMytU10/AblJYKlj8OcGEk6WaUoqb4cAsykYr
> Os8L+mhXXI2iTZ3ilRk6rK3/dx+DLx6OH2hHWEIsUnobmC1jJTEaTIJLivIjfdhY
> eLhokRzSyylIKi02wZNYB64W548Hj5MhwOtrBGKP7T9/0/6cczUksomEHnIHZCJA
> ifMWoy6lc+t02i1QkXYzy+AT9JXL12d2J6FCva8rkTURzus+r+fOU9VDqhjg2rtm
> 1pObXMbr2Cz0o9Soc0guHt6d64t+iP/MSXHUOmPmAyA2wccHkIRKCJ+ZdaskTlXT
> pe+I/2l7PebSjZF6YBLR59lSndBHCWbh+S0WWQEAtaEYSfXnMBfTeQvuZBh6lElb
> m48OgS7JHLpXWeIR4s2lD4bvDcx8qoQWE5F/2OEV+YrHChuCd3Hl+zMJ9OXvRFi/
> wnLRIkrKLJ5BmPo3OredhbmFvzpYEqUIySk3/pDfC1FtGuGRrhy6MNTB
> =wIl4
> -----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I think directing reports to the bounty program is good enough. Besides, the key without my email address isn't useful.
